
Electromagnetic Spectrum Analyst

The Opportunity:

To grow effectively, organizations need help looking at their operation from the outside. Whether standing up a new organization, transforming an existing one, or transitioning an organization (e.g., merger, split-up), our clients need an Electromagnetic Spectrum mission area consultant who will take the time to learn the complexities of their complex mission area and provide them with tangible advice on business process improvements, mission success, and standard methodologies. 

That’s why we need you, an experienced management consultant who knows how to analyze every aspect of your customer’s operations and use your specialized experience to give them the roadmap to becoming the organization they envision. 

As an EMS management consultant on our team, you’ll develop an overall picture of your client’s current structure, day-to-day operations, and outcomes in a manner that they may not have thought of before. Through discussions and engagement with stakeholders and you will identify the elements that work best in their environment and the areas for improvement. Once you have a thorough understanding of where and how the organization can improve, you will present the path forward—and the expected results—to leaders and senior clients. This is your chance to grow experience in DoD C3 mission area and the Electromagnetic Spectrum Enterprise while deepening your consulting skills.  

Work with us as we help the DoD EMS Enterprise evolve.

Join us. The world can't wait. 

You Have: 

    5+ years of experience with consulting
    Experience with the Department of Defense or Federal Government
    Ability to assess, Analyze, collaborate, and present findings and courses of action
    Secret clearance
    Bachelor's degree

Nice If You Have: 

    8+ years of experience with consulting
    Experience with DoD Command, Control, Communications (C3), Electromagnetic Spectrum (EMS) Policy, and Spectrum legislation
    Experience with data analysis, management, data analytics
    Experience working with DoD organizations, Joint Staff, Combatant Command, and Services and Agencies organizations and environments
    Knowledge of cybersecurity and risk management, cloud infrastructure and machine learning and project management principles and practices
    Top Secret clearance
    Master's degree

Clearance:

Applicants selected will be subject to a security investigation and may need to meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information; Secret clearance is required. 

Create Your Career: 

Grow With Us 

Your growth matters to us—that’s why we offer a variety of ways for you to develop your career. With professional and leadership development opportunities like upskilling programs, tuition reimbursement, mentoring, and firm-sponsored networking, you can chart a unique and fulfilling career path on your own terms.  

A Place Where You Belong 

Diverse perspectives cultivate collective ingenuity. Booz Allen’s culture of respect, equity, and opportunity means that, here, you are free to bring your whole self to work. With an array of business resource groups and other opportunities for connection, you’ll build your community in no time. 

Support Your Well-Being 

Our comprehensive benefits package includes wellness programs with HSA contributions, paid holidays, paid parental leave, a generous 401(k) match, and more. With these benefits, plus the option for flexible schedules and remote and hybrid locations, we’ll support you as you pursue a balanced, fulfilling life—at work and at home.  

Your Candidate Journey 

At Booz Allen, we know our people are what propel us forward, and we value relationships most of all. Here, we’ve compiled a list of resources so you’ll know what to expect as we forge a connection with you during your journey as a candidate with us.  

Compensation

At Booz Allen, we celebrate your contributions, provide you with opportunities and choices, and support your total well-being. Our offerings include health, life, disability, financial, and retirement benefits, as well as paid leave, professional development, tuition assistance, work-life programs, and dependent care. Our recognition awards program acknowledges employees for exceptional performance and superior demonstration of our values. Full-time and part-time employees working at least 20 hours a week on a regular basis are eligible to participate in Booz Allen’s benefit programs. Individuals that do not meet the threshold are only eligible for select offerings, not inclusive of health benefits. We encourage you to learn more about our total benefits by visiting the Resource page on our Careers site and reviewing Our Employee Benefits page.

Salary at Booz Allen is determined by various factors, including but not limited to location, the individual’s particular combination of education, knowledge, skills, competencies, and experience, as well as contract-specific affordability and organizational requirements. The projected compensation range for this position is $73,100.00 to $166,000.00 (annualized USD). The estimate displayed represents the typical salary range for this position and is just one component of Booz Allen’s total compensation package for employees. This posting will close within 90 days from the Posting Date.

Work Model
Our people-first culture prioritizes the benefits of flexibility and collaboration, whether that happens in person or remotely.

    If this position is listed as remote or hybrid, you’ll periodically work from a Booz Allen or client site facility.
    If this position is listed as onsite, you’ll work with colleagues and clients in person, as needed for the specific role.

EEO Commitment

We’re an equal employment opportunity/affirmative action employer that empowers our people to fearlessly drive change – no matter their race, color, ethnicity, religion, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, lactation, or related medical conditions), national origin, ancestry, age, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, disability, veteran status, military or uniformed service member status, genetic information, or any other status protected by applicable federal, state, local, or international law.

