Data Scientist, Junior

The Challenge: 

Are you excited at the prospect of unlocking the secrets held by a data set? Are you fascinated by the possibilities presented by the IoT, machine learning, and artificial intelligence advances? In an increasingly connected world, massive amounts of structured and unstructured data open up new opportunities. As an aspiring data scientist, you know you can help turn these complex data sets into useful information to solve global challenges. Across private and public sectors — from fraud detection to cancer research to national intelligence — you see data scientists turning data into actions and you want to be part of the team. 

 

We have an opportunity for you to develop your analytical skills and establish your career in data science. You’ll join a rigorous training program that combines skills assessments, a comprehensive curriculum, functional mentorship, a capstone analytic challenge, and support to place you on your first data science project. You’ll learn how to write scripts to integrate data, conduct exploratory data analysis to discover hidden trends, apply machine learning to train predictive models, and use the right combination of tools and frameworks to turn that set of disparate data points into objective answers that inform decisions. You’ll learn how to develop, implement, and support the usage of data visualization, configuration, deployment and usage. You'll apply advanced consulting skills and extensive technical expertise in data visualization and storytelling and leverage full industry knowledge of tools and techniques to support the development and delivery of impactful data models and data visualizations. Equipped with the foundational data science skills to accelerate your career, you’ll join a team and apply those skills to support our clients’ critical national security missions. Embrace the challenge and join us in driving change through data science.

Empower change with us.

You Have:

    Experience with data science, including querying data or analyzing data to answer questions and solve problems, including in an academic or internship environment

    Experience with Microsoft Office, including Excel

    Experience with Tableau 

    Knowledge of basic concepts in mathematics

    Ability to obtain a security clearance

    Bachelor's degree

Clearance:

Applicants selected will be subject to a security investigation and may need to meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information.

Create Your Career: 

Grow With Us 

Your growth matters to us—that’s why we offer a variety of ways for you to develop your career. With professional and leadership development opportunities like upskilling programs, tuition reimbursement, mentoring, and firm-sponsored networking, you can chart a unique and fulfilling career path on your own terms.  

A Place Where You Belong 

Diverse perspectives cultivate collective ingenuity. Booz Allen’s culture of respect, equity, and opportunity means that, here, you are free to bring your whole self to work. With an array of business resource groups and other opportunities for connection, you’ll build your community in no time. 

Support Your Well-Being 

Our comprehensive benefits package includes wellness programs with HSA contributions, paid holidays, paid parental leave, a generous 401(k) match, and more. With these benefits, plus the option for flexible schedules and remote and hybrid locations, we’ll support you as you pursue a balanced, fulfilling life—at work and at home.  

Your Candidate Journey 

At Booz Allen, we know our people are what propel us forward, and we value relationships most of all. Here, we’ve compiled a list of resources so you’ll know what to expect as we forge a connection with you during your journey as a candidate with us.  

Compensation

At Booz Allen, we celebrate your contributions, provide you with opportunities and choices, and support your total well-being. Our offerings include health, life, disability, financial, and retirement benefits, as well as paid leave, professional development, tuition assistance, work-life programs, and dependent care. Our recognition awards program acknowledges employees for exceptional performance and superior demonstration of our values. Full-time and part-time employees working at least 20 hours a week on a regular basis are eligible to participate in Booz Allen’s benefit programs. Individuals that do not meet the threshold are only eligible for select offerings, not inclusive of health benefits. We encourage you to learn more about our total benefits by visiting the Resource page on our Careers site and reviewing Our Employee Benefits page.

Salary at Booz Allen is determined by various factors, including but not limited to location, the individual’s particular combination of education, knowledge, skills, competencies, and experience, as well as contract-specific affordability and organizational requirements. The projected compensation range for this position is $58,400.00 to $133,000.00 (annualized USD). The estimate displayed represents the typical salary range for this position and is just one component of Booz Allen’s total compensation package for employees. This posting will close within 90 days from the Posting Date.

Work Model
Our people-first culture prioritizes the benefits of flexibility and collaboration, whether that happens in person or remotely.

    If this position is listed as remote or hybrid, you’ll periodically work from a Booz Allen or client site facility.
    If this position is listed as onsite, you’ll work with colleagues and clients in person, as needed for the specific role.

EEO Commitment

We’re an equal employment opportunity/affirmative action employer that empowers our people to fearlessly drive change – no matter their race, color, ethnicity, religion, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, lactation, or related medical conditions), national origin, ancestry, age, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, disability, veteran status, military or uniformed service member status, genetic information, or any other status protected by applicable federal, state, local, or international law.
