Machine Learning Engineer The Opportunity: Are you excited at the prospect of unlocking the secrets held by a data set? Are you fascinated by the possibilities presented by the IoT, machine learning (ML), and artificial intelligence (AI) advances? In an increasingly connected world, massive amounts of structured and unstructured data open new opportunities. As a data scientist, you can turn these complex data sets into useful information to solve global challenges. Across private and public sectors from fraud detection to cancer research, to national intelligence, you know the answers are in the data. We have an opportunity for you to use your analytical skills to improve the government's advanced analytics capabilities. You’ll work closely with your client to understand their questions and needs, and then dig into their data-rich environment to find the pieces of their information puzzle. You’ll develop algorithms, write scripts, build predictive analytics, apply ML and deep learning, and use the right combination of tools and frameworks to turn that set of disparate data points into objective answers to help drive innovation, research, and development for our military and government leaders to make informed decisions. You’ll provide your client with a deep understanding of their data, what it all means, and how they can use it. Join us as we use data science for good in bringing decision support and innovation to our clients. Empower change with us. You Have: 2+ years of experience working in data science, machine learning engineering, software engineering, or data research Experience with programming languages, including Python, SQL, or Java Experience with Agile methodologies Ability to obtain a security clearance Bachelor's degree Nice If You Have: 2+ years of experience with developing machine learning models, including supervised, unsupervised, or reinforcement learning Experience with deploying AI Experience with MLOps, GitOps, and string programming skills in Python or Java Experience with designing, developing, deploying, and testing in AWS and using tools, including Lambda, API Gateway, or S3 Experience with containerization, including Docker or Kubernetes Experience with distributed computing frameworks, including Spark, RAPIDS, Ray, or Polars Experience with data engineering tools, including Databricks, Spark, Elasticsearch, Airflow, or a data warehouse Experience with Cloud services, including Azure or Google Cloud Experience with working in a fast paced, collaborative environment Possession of excellent oral and written communication skills Clearance: Applicants selected will be subject to a security investigation and may need to meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information. Create Your Career: Grow With Us Your growth matters to us—that’s why we offer a variety of ways for you to develop your career. With professional and leadership development opportunities like upskilling programs, tuition reimbursement, mentoring, and firm-sponsored networking, you can chart a unique and fulfilling career path on your own terms. A Place Where You Belong Diverse perspectives cultivate collective ingenuity. Booz Allen’s culture of respect, equity, and opportunity means that, here, you are free to bring your whole self to work. With an array of business resource groups and other opportunities for connection, you’ll develop your community in no time. Support Your Well-Being Our comprehensive benefits package includes wellness programs with HSA contributions, paid holidays, paid parental leave, a generous 401(k) match, and more. With these benefits, plus the option for flexible schedules and remote and hybrid locations, we’ll support you as you pursue a balanced, fulfilling life—at work and at home. Your Candidate Journey At Booz Allen, we know our people are what propel us forward, and we value relationships most of all. Here, we’ve compiled a list of resources so you’ll know what to expect as we forge a connection with you during your journey as a candidate with us. Compensation At Booz Allen, we celebrate your contributions, provide you with opportunities and choices, and support your total well-being. Our offerings include health, life, disability, financial, and retirement benefits, as well as paid leave, professional development, tuition assistance, work-life programs, and dependent care. Our recognition awards program acknowledges employees for exceptional performance and superior demonstration of our values. Full-time and part-time employees working at least 20 hours a week on a regular basis are eligible to participate in Booz Allen’s benefit programs. Individuals that do not meet the threshold are only eligible for select offerings, not inclusive of health benefits. We encourage you to learn more about our total benefits by visiting the Resource page on our Careers site and reviewing Our Employee Benefits page. Salary at Booz Allen is determined by various factors, including but not limited to location, the individual’s particular combination of education, knowledge, skills, competencies, and experience, as well as contract-specific affordability and organizational requirements. The projected compensation range for this position is $73,100.00 to $166,000.00 (annualized USD). The estimate displayed represents the typical salary range for this position and is just one component of Booz Allen’s total compensation package for employees. This posting will close within 90 days from the Posting Date. Work Model Our people-first culture prioritizes the benefits of flexibility and collaboration, whether that happens in person or remotely. If this position is listed as remote or hybrid, you’ll periodically work from a Booz Allen or client site facility. If this position is listed as onsite, you’ll work with colleagues and clients in person, as needed for the specific role. EEO Commitment We’re an equal employment opportunity/affirmative action employer that empowers our people to fearlessly drive change – no matter their race, color, ethnicity, religion, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, lactation, or related medical conditions), national origin, ancestry, age, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, disability, veteran status, military or uniformed service member status, genetic information, or any other status protected by applicable federal, state, local, or international law. Note: Microsoft Internet Explorer is not fully compatible with Workday and users may experience systems issues with this browser. We recommend that you use one of the following browsers to avoid problems: Google Chrome, Mozilla Firefox, Microsoft Edge, Apple Safari, Opera Browser or Blackberry Browser. If you continue to experience issues, it is sometimes necessary to reset your browser by clearing your cache. About Booz Allen Hamilton Trusted to transform missions with the power of tomorrow’s technologies, Booz Allen Hamilton advances the nation’s most critical civil, defense, and national security priorities. We lead, invest, and invent where it’s needed most—at the forefront of complex missions, using innovation to define the future. We combine our in-depth expertise in AI and cybersecurity with leading-edge technology and engineering practices to deliver impactful solutions. Combining more than 100 years of strategic consulting expertise with the perspectives of diverse talent, we ensure results by integrating technology with an enduring focus on our clients. We’re first to the future—moving missions forward to realize our purpose: Empower People to Change the World®. EEO Commitment As an equal employment opportunity/affirmative action employer, Booz Allen Hamilton is committed to providing a workplace that is free from discrimination on race, color, ethnicity, religion, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, lactation, or related medical conditions), national origin, ancestry, age, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, disability, veteran status, military or uniformed service member status, genetic information, or any other status protected by applicable federal, state, local, or international law. These protections also extend to applicants. Follow the links below to find out more; Know Your Rights Poster Pay Transparency Accommodations If you are an individual with a disability and would like to request a reasonable workplace accommodation for any part of our employment process, please send an email to AccommodationsCandidates@bah.com. Please indicate the specifics of the assistance needed. This option is reserved only for individuals who are requesting a reasonable workplace accommodation. It is not intended for other purposes or inquiries. Data Privacy For more information on how Booz Allen uses your information, please see our Privacy Policy.
