Machine Learning Engineer

The Opportunity: 

As a programmer, you know that machine learning is critical to understanding and processing massive datasets. Your ability to conduct statistical analyses on business processes using ML techniques makes you an integral part of delivering a customer-focused solution. We need your technical knowledge and desire to problem-solve to support our Aerospace team. As a machine learning engineer on our Aerospace team, you’ll train, test, deploy, and maintain models that learn from data.  

In this role, you’ll contribute to the direction of mission-critical solutions by applying best-fit ML algorithms and technologies. You’ll grow within a large community of machine learning engineers across the firm and collaborate with data engineers, data scientists, and software developers to deliver world-class solutions. Your consulting skills and technical experience will help your clients navigate the landscape of ML algorithms, tools, and frameworks. Work with us to solve real-world challenges and define ML strategy for the Aerospace field.

Join us. The world can’t wait. 

You Have:   

    2+ years of experience in the development of algorithms leveraging Python

    2+ years of experience with statistical and general-purpose programming languages for data analysis 

    2+ years of experience in Machine Learning, Artificial Intelligence, or Natural Language Processing  

    Knowledge of deep learning algorithms such as CNN, RNN, LSTM, or Transformers

    Knowledge of machine learning frameworks, like Keras, Ternsorflow or PyTorch

    Knowledge of data structures, data modeling, and software architecture 

    Secret clearance   

    Bachelor’s degree

Nice If You Have:   

    Experience with MLOps tools

    Experience with distributable databases, including Apache Spark, HDFS, MapR or Cloudera

    Experience with synthetic data generation

    Ability to deploy ML models using AWS, Azure, or GCP cloud services

    TS/SCI clearance with a polygraph  

    Master’s degree  

Clearance: 

Applicants selected will be subject to a security investigation and may need to meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information; Secret clearance is required.

 

Create Your Career: 

Grow With Us 

Your growth matters to us—that’s why we offer a variety of ways for you to develop your career. With professional and leadership development opportunities like upskilling programs, tuition reimbursement, mentoring, and firm-sponsored networking, you can chart a unique and fulfilling career path on your own terms.  

A Place Where You Belong 

Diverse perspectives cultivate collective ingenuity. Booz Allen’s culture of respect, equity, and opportunity means that, here, you are free to bring your whole self to work. With an array of business resource groups and other opportunities for connection, you’ll build your community in no time. 

Support Your Well-Being 

Our comprehensive benefits package includes wellness programs with HSA contributions, paid holidays, paid parental leave, a generous 401(k) match, and more. With these benefits, plus the option for flexible schedules and remote and hybrid locations, we’ll support you as you pursue a balanced, fulfilling life—at work and at home.  

Your Candidate Journey 

At Booz Allen, we know our people are what propel us forward, and we value relationships most of all. Here, we’ve compiled a list of resources so you’ll know what to expect as we forge a connection with you during your journey as a candidate with us. 

Compensation

At Booz Allen, we celebrate your contributions, provide you with opportunities and choices, and support your total well-being. Our offerings include health, life, disability, financial, and retirement benefits, as well as paid leave, professional development, tuition assistance, work-life programs, and dependent care. Our recognition awards program acknowledges employees for exceptional performance and superior demonstration of our values. Full-time and part-time employees working at least 20 hours a week on a regular basis are eligible to participate in Booz Allen’s benefit programs. Individuals that do not meet the threshold are only eligible for select offerings, not inclusive of health benefits. We encourage you to learn more about our total benefits by visiting the Resource page on our Careers site and reviewing Our Employee Benefits page.

Salary at Booz Allen is determined by various factors, including but not limited to location, the individual’s particular combination of education, knowledge, skills, competencies, and experience, as well as contract-specific affordability and organizational requirements. The projected compensation range for this position is $73,100.00 to $166,000.00 (annualized USD). The estimate displayed represents the typical salary range for this position and is just one component of Booz Allen’s total compensation package for employees. This posting will close within 90 days from the Posting Date.

Work Model
Our people-first culture prioritizes the benefits of flexibility and collaboration, whether that happens in person or remotely.

    If this position is listed as remote or hybrid, you’ll periodically work from a Booz Allen or client site facility.
    If this position is listed as onsite, you’ll work with colleagues and clients in person, as needed for the specific role.

EEO Commitment

We’re an equal employment opportunity/affirmative action employer that empowers our people to fearlessly drive change – no matter their race, color, ethnicity, religion, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, lactation, or related medical conditions), national origin, ancestry, age, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, disability, veteran status, military or uniformed service member status, genetic information, or any other status protected by applicable federal, state, local, or international law.
