Quantum Scientist

The Opportunity:
Are you excited at the prospect of unlocking the secrets held by quantum information science? Are you fascinated by the possibilities presented by quantum advances? We have an opportunity for you to use your analytical and experimental skills to improve quantum computing, communications, and sensing capabilities for the federal government.

You’ll work closely with your customer to understand their questions and needs and leverage your quantum expertise to research, evaluate, and pursue solutions critical to their mission. You’ll mentor and learn from teammates, design and implement research ideas, study and evaluate complex data, and recommend changes and alternative solutions. Join us as we use quantum information science for good in the federal government.

Empower change with us.

You Have:

    6+ years of experience with theory or experimentation of quantum computing or qubit control as demonstrated through scientific publications

    Experience with handling large data sets, including data collection, manipulation, and analysis

    Ability to convey complex concepts to a diverse audience, including written or verbally

    Ability to work collaboratively in a manner that leverages diverse backgrounds and expertise

    Ability to obtain a security clearance

    Master’s degree

Nice If You Have:

    10+ years of experience in Quantum Computing

    Experience with leading and managing teams of scientists and engineers

    Experience with programming in C++ or python

    Knowledge of quantum computing software

    TS/SCI clearance with a polygraph

    Doctorate degree in Physics, Material Science, or Electrical Engineering

Clearance:
Applicants selected will be subject to a security investigation and may need to meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information.

Create Your Career:

Grow With Us

Your growth matters to us—that’s why we offer a variety of ways for you to develop your career. With professional and leadership development opportunities like upskilling programs, tuition reimbursement, mentoring, and firm-sponsored networking, you can chart a unique and fulfilling career path on your own terms.

 

A Place Where You Belong

Diverse perspectives cultivate collective ingenuity. Booz Allen’s culture of respect, equity, and opportunity means that, here, you are free to bring your whole self to work. With an array of business resource groups and other opportunities for connection, you’ll build your community in no time.

 

Support Your Well-Being

Our comprehensive benefits package includes wellness programs with HSA contributions, paid holidays, paid parental leave, a generous 401(k) match, and more. With these benefits, plus the option for flexible schedules and remote and hybrid locations, we’ll support you as you pursue a balanced, fulfilling life—at work and at home.

 

Your Candidate Journey

At Booz Allen, we know our people are what propel us forward, and we value relationships most of all. Here, we’ve compiled a list of resources so you’ll know what to expect as we forge a connection with you during your journey as a candidate with us.

Compensation

At Booz Allen, we celebrate your contributions, provide you with opportunities and choices, and support your total well-being. Our offerings include health, life, disability, financial, and retirement benefits, as well as paid leave, professional development, tuition assistance, work-life programs, and dependent care. Our recognition awards program acknowledges employees for exceptional performance and superior demonstration of our values. Full-time and part-time employees working at least 20 hours a week on a regular basis are eligible to participate in Booz Allen’s benefit programs. Individuals that do not meet the threshold are only eligible for select offerings, not inclusive of health benefits. We encourage you to learn more about our total benefits by visiting the Resource page on our Careers site and reviewing Our Employee Benefits page.

Salary at Booz Allen is determined by various factors, including but not limited to location, the individual’s particular combination of education, knowledge, skills, competencies, and experience, as well as contract-specific affordability and organizational requirements. The projected compensation range for this position is $81,800.00 to $186,000.00 (annualized USD). The estimate displayed represents the typical salary range for this position and is just one component of Booz Allen’s total compensation package for employees.

Work Model
Our people-first culture prioritizes the benefits of flexibility and collaboration, whether that happens in person or remotely.

    If this position is listed as remote or hybrid, you’ll periodically work from a Booz Allen or client site facility.
    If this position is listed as onsite, you’ll work with colleagues and clients in person, as needed for the specific role.

EEO Commitment

We’re an equal employment opportunity/affirmative action employer that empowers our people to fearlessly drive change – no matter their race, color, ethnicity, religion, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, lactation, or related medical conditions), national origin, ancestry, age, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, disability, veteran status, military or uniformed service member status, genetic information, or any other status protected by applicable federal, state, local, or international law.
