Software Engineer

The Opportunity: 

As a software engineer, you know that good software is more than just a nice-looking interface and data. Using design-first principles you use the right combination of analysis and design, clean code, APIs, analytics, and infrastructure to help develop user-focused systems solution. We’re looking for a software engineer like you to develop efficient and effective software, from vision to production-ready system, in an exciting, Agile environment. 

As a software engineer at Booz Allen, you’ll use the latest architectural approaches and open-source frameworks and tools to deliver complete end-to-end solutions to your clients. Using your software engineering experience, you’ll help analyze the environment to ensure that your team’s solutions consider the current architecture and operating environment, as well as future functionality and enhancements. You’ll grow your skills as you learn new tools and techniques while helping to identify and implement system improvements.

Work with us as we shape systems for the better.  

Join us. The world can’t wait. 

You Have: 

    Experience with designing, modifying, developing, writing, and implementing software programming applications 

    Experience with basic programming languages, technologies, tools, or web development stacks 

    Experience creating solutions to complex problems within a collaborative, cross-functional team

    Ability to obtain a security clearance 

    Scheduled to obtain a Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science by June 2024

Nice If You Have: 

    Experience in Object Oriented Analysis and Design

    Experience in Model Based Engineering, including UML or SysML

    Experience in Software Engineering 

    Experience in Java, Python, C#, C, C++, .NET, JavaScript, React, NodeJS, PHP, Azure, AWS, or Drupal 

    Knowledge of Agile methodology 

    Ability to write source code for new applications or generate and enhance code samples for existing applications 

    Ability to acquire client requirements and resolve workflow problems through automation optimization 

    Ability to work with automated testing tools to perform testing and maintenance 

    Secret clearance 

Clearance: 

Applicants selected will be subject to a security investigation and may need to meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information.

  

Create Your Career: 

Grow With Us 

Your growth matters to us—that’s why we offer a variety of ways for you to develop your career. With professional and leadership development opportunities like upskilling programs, tuition reimbursement, mentoring, and firm-sponsored networking, you can chart a unique and fulfilling career path on your own terms.  

A Place Where You Belong 

Diverse perspectives cultivate collective ingenuity. Booz Allen’s culture of respect, equity, and opportunity means that, here, you are free to bring your whole self to work. With an array of business resource groups and other opportunities for connection, you’ll develop your community in no time. 

Support Your Well-Being 

Our comprehensive benefits package includes wellness programs with HSA contributions, paid holidays, paid parental leave, a generous 401(k) match, and more. With these benefits, plus the option for flexible schedules and remote and hybrid locations, we’ll support you as you pursue a balanced, fulfilling life—at work and at home.  

Your Candidate Journey 

At Booz Allen, we know our people are what propel us forward, and we value relationships most of all. Here, we’ve compiled a list of resources so you’ll know what to expect as we forge a connection with you during your journey as a candidate with us.  

Compensation

At Booz Allen, we celebrate your contributions, provide you with opportunities and choices, and support your total well-being. Our offerings include health, life, disability, financial, and retirement benefits, as well as paid leave, professional development, tuition assistance, work-life programs, and dependent care. Our recognition awards program acknowledges employees for exceptional performance and superior demonstration of our values. Full-time and part-time employees working at least 20 hours a week on a regular basis are eligible to participate in Booz Allen’s benefit programs. Individuals that do not meet the threshold are only eligible for select offerings, not inclusive of health benefits. We encourage you to learn more about our total benefits by visiting the Resource page on our Careers site and reviewing Our Employee Benefits page.

Salary at Booz Allen is determined by various factors, including but not limited to location, the individual’s particular combination of education, knowledge, skills, competencies, and experience, as well as contract-specific affordability and organizational requirements. The projected compensation range for this position is $49,900.00 to $102,000.00 (annualized USD). The estimate displayed represents the typical salary range for this position and is just one component of Booz Allen’s total compensation package for employees. This posting will close within 90 days from the Posting Date.

Work Model
Our people-first culture prioritizes the benefits of flexibility and collaboration, whether that happens in person or remotely.

    If this position is listed as remote or hybrid, you’ll periodically work from a Booz Allen or client site facility.
    If this position is listed as onsite, you’ll work with colleagues and clients in person, as needed for the specific role.

EEO Commitment

We’re an equal employment opportunity/affirmative action employer that empowers our people to fearlessly drive change – no matter their race, color, ethnicity, religion, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, lactation, or related medical conditions), national origin, ancestry, age, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, disability, veteran status, military or uniformed service member status, genetic information, or any other status protected by applicable federal, state, local, or international law.
